Reintroduce current Python environment as a separate level in our resolver stack (#394)
tweag/FawltyDeps: README.md

| Priority | Mapping strategy        | Options |
|----------|----------------------|------------|
| 1        | User-defined mapping | Provide a custom mapping in TOML format via `--custom-mapping-file` or a `[tool.fawltydeps.custom_mapping]` section in `pyproject.toml`. <br /> Default: No custom mapping|
| 2        | Mapping from installed packages found inside project | Point to one or more environments with `--pyenv`.<br />Default: auto-discovery of Python environments under the project’s basepath.|

> | 3        | Mapping from packages installed in `sys.path` | No option, this finds packages installed in the Python environment in which FawltyDeps itself is installed.|

Reviewer: Nit: for the reading consistency
```suggestion
| 3        | Mapping from packages installed in `sys.path` | Active by default. No CLI option. This finds packages installed in the Python environment in which FawltyDeps itself runs.|
```
